Documentation: Build Analysis Escape Mechanism (#14439)
dotnet/arcade: Documentation/Projects/Build Analysis/EscapeMechanismforBuildAnalysis.md

## Escape Mechanism for Build Analysis

> There may be scenarios where it is desirable to change the status of a build analysis to a green state, particularly if there are reasons to merge the pull request and you are confident that it is necessary and safe to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be scenarios where it is desirable to change the status of a failed build analysis to a passing state, particularly if there are reasons to merge the pull request and you are confident that it is necessary and safe to do so.
```

Recommend not using colors as a symbol of passing/failing.

This can be achieved by adding a comment to the pull request with the following content:

```
/ba-g <reason>
```
This command is composed of two parts:

> - /ba-g: **Required** command to change the build analysis to green.

Author: still deciding which is going to be the command

- reason: **Required** reason for the change. This reason will be added to the build analysis check run.

> Please note that providing a reason is mandatory. If you do not provide a reason, the command will be ignored.

Reviewer: This is not related to the docs or this PR, but a thought. 

Should we consider posting a comment to the PR that says this instead of doing nothing? when this happens, this makes it harder to know if something is not working versus just doing the wrong command.

Step by step:
1. Navigate to your pull request.
2. On the conversation tab at the bottom of the page, type the command in the comment box.
    ```

>     /ba-g <reason>

Author: Update also this if we change the coomand
